README.md, before:

# Radix Trie implementation

## Description
Radix trie is a compressed prefix trie. 

Here is a sample "tree" output:

```
#
##-
##moon
## 
##ba
###n
####ana
####d
###t
##hello
###world
##super
###man
###califragilisticexpialidocious
###b
##inter
###est
####ed
####ing
###vention
##B
###ratislava
###erlin
##ca
###r
####toon
###sio
###t
####erpillar
##world
###view
##a
###pp
####reciation
####l
#####ying
#####e
#####i
######cation
######ed
###bs
####olut
#####i
######on
######smus
#####ely
```

**Explanation**: This is a markdown representation of the radix trie. It should be read as follows:
```
# Root
## Child 1
### Grandchild 1
### Grandchild 2
```

## Install

### 1. No build
Just copy [radix\_trie](src/radix_trie.hpp) to your project.

### 2. CMake
Go to the repository root and execute:
```
cmake -B build
cmake --build build --parallel 10
build/radix-trie
```

### 3. Bash script
Go to the repository root and execute:
```
./build.sh
```

## Available methods 
Current implementation is a one-header library with following methods:
- [x] insert: Inserts a word into the trie.
- [x] print: Print out every word in the trie. 
- [x] tree: Print out the markdown representation. 

## Planned methods
- [ ] delete: Deletes a word from the trie.
- [ ] complete: Completes a given prefix.
- [ ] load: Create a trie from a dictionary.
- [ ] unload: Create a dictionary from a trie.
- [ ] check: Checks if a word exists.

## Planned implementations
- [ ] iterator: Conveniently iterates the trie via a for-loop.
- [ ] metadata: Support templated metadata for each node.
- [ ] overloads (==, +, -): Tries comparison, merge or diff.
- [ ] constructors: To fully support moves, copies and swaps.
- [ ] smart pointers: Implementation via smart pointers.

## Visualization in Raylib
- [ ] View trie.
- [ ] Move nodes.
- [ ] Insert nodes.
- [ ] Delete nodes. 
- [ ] Search.

## Additional information
I also plan to make a video and a table on runtime/space complexity comparison between the normal trie (check out algorithms.cpp repo) and radix trie.

## DISCLAIMER
This implementation is for educational purposes only and is not intended for production environments.

Commit message:

[Feat] Find method, add info to readme regarding planned implementations

README.md, after:

# Radix Trie implementation

## Description
Radix trie is a compressed prefix trie. 

Here is a sample "tree" output:

```
#
##-
##moon
## 
##ba
###n
####ana
####d
###t
##hello
###world
##super
###man
###califragilisticexpialidocious
###b
##inter
###est
####ed
####ing
###vention
##B
###ratislava
###erlin
##ca
###r
####toon
###sio
###t
####erpillar
##world
###view
##a
###pp
####reciation
####l
#####ying
#####e
#####i
######cation
######ed
###bs
####olut
#####i
######on
######smus
#####ely
```

**Explanation**: This is a markdown representation of the radix trie. It should be read as follows:
```
# Root
## Child 1
### Grandchild 1
### Grandchild 2
```

## Install

### 1. No build
Just copy [radix\_trie](src/radix_trie.hpp) to your project.

### 2. CMake
Go to the repository root and execute:
```
cmake -B build
cmake --build build --parallel 10
build/radix-trie
```

### 3. Bash script
Go to the repository root and execute:
```
./build.sh
```

## Available methods 
Current implementation is a one-header library with following methods:
- [x] insert: Inserts a word into the trie.
- [x] print: Print out every word in the trie. 
- [x] tree: Print out the markdown representation. 
- [x] find: Checks if a word exists.

## Planned methods
- [ ] complete: Completes a given prefix.
- [ ] load: Create a trie from a dictionary.
- [ ] unload: Create a dictionary from a trie.
- [ ] reorder: Reorder the trie using a certain policy, for example ascending or descending.
- [ ] delete: Deletes a word from the trie.

## Planned other
- [ ] constructors: To fully support moves, copies and swaps.
- [ ] errors and logs: Proper Go-style error handling and logging. 
- [ ] unit tests: Proper unit tests using ctest suite. 
- [ ] iterator: Conveniently iterates the trie via a for-loop using a certain policy, for example bfs or dfs.
- [ ] metadata: Support templated metadata for each node and corresponding get() method to retrieve it.
- [ ] smart pointers: Implementation via smart pointers.
- [ ] overloads (==, +, -): Tries comparison, merge or diff.

## Visualization in Raylib
- [ ] View trie.
- [ ] Move nodes.
- [ ] Insert nodes.
- [ ] Delete nodes. 
- [ ] Search.

## Additional information
I also plan to make a video and a table on runtime/space complexity comparison between the normal trie (check out algorithms.cpp repo) and radix trie.

## DISCLAIMER
This implementation is for educational purposes only and is not intended for production environments.
